Test *everything*

Look into compressing the snapshot data.
	Always compress on save
	Optionally compress in memory
		Should we only compress the inactive slots? Need to know what impact compression has on capture/restore time.
		If compressing memory, would just load the compressed data as is. If not, would decompress on load.

Ignore properties
	Add property context menu to ignore selected/unselected properties
		Would need to add another treeview to show currently ignored properties
	Add method to always ignore certain properties of a given machine
		Store the list as an xml file on disk
		Ideally Would have UI to manage which properties are always ignored
	Ignored properties could probably be removed from the machine state object rather than having an "ignore me" flag.
		That would be faster.
		We'd need to save the list of ignored properties to avoid adding them to the machine state on load and to allow unignore.

Would make sense for slot specific Capture Missing to have the "Clear non-selected" option
	Not as simple as it sounds. Would need significant changes.

Mapping dialog titlebar shows "SomeAction" rather then "Some Action"
	Uses the command string from the xaml, which has to match the method name, so no spaces.
	Probaly easy to split the string at capitals.

Info tab
	Make name and notes editable
		Think we need to implement IEditableObject for CMachineState to get that working
			https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.componentmodel.ieditableobject?view=net-7.0
	Add MIDI info

CPropertyBase has two lots of property changed style code, a bit sucky and confusing.
	Consolidate into a single INotifyPropertyChanged style system so it's like everything else
		This is part of a wider problem that the whole system of UI notification is confused and messy
		Really need to scrap it all and start again with improved knowledge and understanding

Update file format in comments, old versions too.

MIDI mapping
	Context menu for selected cells might be nice:
		Single row:
			Edit
			Remove
		Multiple rows:
			Remove

Undo/redo
	Basic system already exists for when property dialog is cancelled. Wouldn't take much to adapt it.
	
Find a way to include machine connections in snapshots.
	Have a look at how wde does it in his mixer console

RestoreOnSlotChange works but can it be optimised?

Store snapshots on disk
	Probably xml although not sure how the machine data will work with that.

Morphing
	Ideally in the manager tab. Don't want to have to set up more treeviews.
	Need to think of a way to morph a third slot between the A and B slot values.
		Perhaps target the active slot? That would make sense as you could test the morphed values.
		Suggests a requirement for "Apply on morph" option in UI

Context menu for treeview items
	Remove from all slots?
	Set all same properties to value?
		Copy from selected property to any other instances of the same property (same machine)


Some way of setting default property selection for individual machines would be nice

Select new machines option could be broken into separate options for attributes, globals. track and data.

Styling of list items based on whether a value is stored/not stored/missing
	Currently properties that have stored values are bold. Might be nice to have some sort of indicator graphic instead.

Multiple selection in treeview
	Possibly by adapting https://chrigas.blogspot.com/2014/08/wpf-treeview-with-multiple-selection.html
